  Chislehurst carer pays parking fine in pennies

Maggie and Martin Gebbett paid an £80 parking fine in pennies in protest
at the fine

A CARER decided to pay an £80 parking fine in pennies after failing in
her attempts to get the penalty overturned.

Maggie Gebbett, 63, was handed a parking fine after failing to pay and
display in South Street, Bromley, in May.

The mother-of-two claims the hot weather made her £2.20 ticket peel off
the car window.

She immediately appealed against the decision but despite months of
wrangling with Bromley Council she was told in November
that her £80 fine would increase to £120 if she didn’t pay.

So Mrs Gebbett, of Yester Road, Chislehurst, visited the civic offices
in Bromley with her husband Martin yesterday (December 2) to pay the
entire fine with a wheelbarrow filled with pennies.

She says that even after an adjudicating lawyer found her to be “an
honest, credible and convincing witness” and said the fine should be
cancelled, the council would not reconsider its decision.

The member of Chislehurst Rotary Club said: “I had to wait three
quarters of an hour for staff to count all the money, I thought I was
going to have another parking fine waiting for me!

“I am furious about the whole business and most upset about being
criminalised when I have not broken the law.

“In fact, I did all I could to comply with the law - I paid and I
displayed.

“If the gum on the parking ticket is not up to the job, that is not my
fault.”

She added: “Going after innocent motorists is extortion.

“The qualified lawyer in London recommends that Bromley Council drop the charge against me. Why are they not doing so?”

It was revealed by News Shopper last month that Bromley Council made
£1.1million profit from penalty charge notices
in the last financial year.

A spokesman for the council said: "The adjudicator concluded that the
contravention did occur and the penalty charge notice was issued correctly.

"Motorists need to ensure that they display their pay and display ticket
correctly.

"As the appeal process has finished, the motorist needed to pay the £80
penalty charge, which she has done."

  unique_identifier
City by City, an Antipoverty Group Plants Seeds of Change

In Gary, Ind., members of the antipoverty group Acorn picked up pennies
recently after a bag split on their way to a protest at a utility company.

The teller's eyes widened as a customer poured thousands of
pennies onto the counter, an intentionally obnoxious way to pay a high
heating bill. Still looming in line at the utility payment center, on a
street of boarded-up buildings in this rusted city, were 10 more people
carrying hefty bags of pennies, all wearing the red T-shirts of the
national community organizing group Acorn.

Adam Jamsa, 37, of Peoria, Ill., an Acorn member, rehearsed his
door-to-door pitch for a living-wage petition with Rochelle Prather.


LaTrell Smith, 26, an Acorn member in Chicago, asked James Meadows to
support a living-wage law.

It was a pinprick protest, intended to grab the attention of utility
executives over what members of this newest Acorn chapter charged was
the company's overly quick shut-off of strapped customers.

That same day in Chicago, scores of Acorn members and volunteers fanned
out in lower-income neighborhoods, gathering signatures in favor of a
law that would require giant retailers like Wal-Mart to pay employees
$10 an hour plus benefits. In dozens of other cities, members lobbied
for the rights of Hurricane Katrina victims, protested "predatory
lending" and registered low-income voters.

With offices in 106 cities and a membership reported to be 200,000,
Acorn has emerged in recent years as the largest neighborhood-based
antipoverty group in the country, using old-fashioned methods of
door-knocking and noisy protests to push for local and national causes.
It plans to open an office in 20 new cities each year for the next five
years, an expansion in response to the strong grip conservatives have in
Washington and to the travails of the working poor.

"We feel the Acorn program is popular wherever we go," said Wade Rathke,
57, who founded the group 36 years ago in Arkansas and goes by the title
of chief organizer. "It's like a hot knife in butter."

Conservative critics say Acorn and similar groups are pushing
antimarket, unrealistic answers that will not help the poor in the long
run.

But the increased mobilizing efforts, often in alliance with the growing
union movement among low-end service workers, have earned the attention
of Democratic politicians.

Those scheduled to speak at Acorn's annual meeting in July include
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton,
Democrat of New York; former Senator John Edwards,
who has worked with Acorn on minimum wage initiatives; Senator Edward M.
Kennedy,
Democrat of Massachusetts; and John J. Sweeney,
president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.

The expansion of Acorn, whose formal name is the Association of
Community Organizations for Reform Now, is part of a broader surge in
populist organizing around the country centered on issues like wages,
gentrification, environmental disputes and immigrant rights.

"Over the last 10 years we've seen pretty explosive growth in the number
and scale of community groups working in poor communities and with
people of color," said Deepak Bhargava, of the Center for Community
Change, a Washington-based support center for local organizers. Mr.
Bhargava said the activism was "approaching a scale that could have a
transforming effect on American politics and society."

But the number of people involved is still limited, and while many
groups share similar "social justice" philosophies, they are often
fragmented.

Mr. Rathke said he had no illusions about the strength of "government
policies promoting inequality." But he added: "If there is going to be a
change in politics in a progressive direction, we are going to be part
of that. That wasn't true 10 years ago."

Mr. Rathke spoke at the bustling Acorn headquarters in New Orleans,
where the group has sought to involve poor, displaced residents in the
Hurricane Katrina recovery effort. He had just returned from a week in
India, where he met with private groups worried about the possible entry
of Wal-Mart and similar chains.

Acorn has a budget this year of $37.5 million, which does not include
its spinoff research and housing organizations. Only $3 million of that
comes from membership dues. Most of the rest comes from foundations,
private donations and "partnerships" in which onetime corporate targets,
like the Household Financial Corporation, pay Acorn to run programs, in
this case to educate people about mortgages and loan terms.

Local offices pursue local issues of concern, like pressing an agency to
clean up a vacant lot or, in the case of the powerful chapter in New
York, opening schools and cosponsoring the Working Families political
party.

What sets Acorn apart from most community groups, said Peter Dreier, an
urban planning expert at Occidental College in Los Angeles, is its
ability to combine local projects with coordinated national action on
larger issues.

In a current campaign in several cities, for example, Acorn is demanding
that the Sherwin-Williams paint company contribute to lead paint abatement.

The utility protest in Gary illustrates how Acorn creates a new chapter.
Eric Weathersby, 43, is a church leader in Gary who wanted to get more
involved in politics. After brief training in Chicago, Mr. Weathersby
started as head organizer for Acorn in Indiana
on April 17.

Heating bills soared last winter, and many poor residents resented their
utility, the Northern Indiana Public Service Company, for what they saw
as harsh policies for delinquent payers. Mr. Weathersby used the issue
to recruit, going door to door himself, and by early June had 113 members.

Oscar L. Buggs Jr., 69, who lives on a pension from his career as a
sanitation worker, was drawn in. He said he had inherited a house with
past-due bills, had found himself owing $1,300 that he could not pay and
had had his utilities cut off for several months. He used a flashlight
to see at night.

"It seems like they do good deeds for people who need help," Mr. Buggs
said of Acorn. "Maybe I can do some good for somebody else."

In early June, as members began unloading their pennies at the payment
center, a company officer quickly appeared. He promised to relay to the
company's president Acorn's demands for more aid to poor customers and a
moratorium on shut-offs, and to try to set up a meeting with him.

In an e-mail response to a query by The New York Times, the company
condemned Acorn's tactics and claims.

"They use threats of protests and other attention-grabbing techniques to
bully local utilities and get media coverage," Tom Cuddy, a spokesman
for the utility, said in the e-mail message. "Most of Acorn's 'demands'
are already addressed in existing assistance programs."

The wage campaign in Chicago, where Wal-Mart is opening its first store
this fall, had a visceral appeal for many residents and has gained the
support in principle of a majority of the City Council.

Steven Malanga, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute for Policy
Research and author of "The New New Left" (Ivan R. Dee, 2005), said this
campaign, for a law tailored specifically to giant retailers, showed how
out of step Acorn was with the national mood and economic realities.
"The only thing such laws ever do is to deprive shoppers in low-income
neighborhoods of those stores," Mr. Malanga said.

Illustrating the philosophical divide, Madeline Talbott, a veteran Acorn
organizer in charge of the Chicago office, said of Wal-Mart, "They're
the world's largest employers, and if they can't pay a living wage, who
can?"

Ms. Talbott added, "If we're going to have a middle class in the city of
Chicago, we have to set some kind of standard in the sectors of the
economy that can't just move to China."

  unique_identifier
 Coin protest against soaring energy prices

In Antwerp, a client of energy provider
Electrabel has protested against soaring energy prices by paying his
energy bill in coins.

Patrick Janssen found his energy bill a bit too expensive and thought of
an original way to protest.

The man brought a barrowful of 1 eurocent coins personally to Electrabel
offices in Antwerp.

The 215 kilos of copper coins equalled the amount he had to pay, 931 euros.

Electrabel accepted the payment with a smile and said it would discuss
measures to put a stop to mounting energy prices.
  unique_identifier
Coins as payment: 'Money's money'

A Portland woman says a grocery store wouldn’t let her
pay for her family’s food because she was paying for it with loose change.

“Jean” was too embarrassed to show her face or use her real name, but
she wanted people to hear her story.

“We had nothing to feed our children with,” she said. “So we broke out
the change.”

Jean said she brought $32 in quarters to Save-a-Lot in Southeast
Portland. After she grabbed her groceries, she waited until the checkout
line cleared so she could pay.

“And when I went up, I told them, you know ‘I have change. Sorry, it’s
hard times right now.’ And they go, 'well we can only accept $5,'" Jean
said.

“It’s money,” she added. “Money’s money.”

But the clerk wouldn’t budge, Jean said. “I was mortified. Mortified.”

Jean said she went to Fred Meyer, but the store manager insisted she use
the change machine where you’re charged a fee of nearly 10 percent. Jean
said she couldn’t afford to lose the money and started crying in front
of another customer.

“He was disgusted by what they were saying too, and he said ‘I’ll take
your change, I’ll buy your change from you.’ And the manager decided OK,
go to the change machine and we’ll pay the fee,” Jean said.

Jean said she didn’t want to use gas money to go to her bank because it
was far away.

Tuesday, both Fred Meyer and Save-a-Lot responded to calls from KATU News.

"We apologize for the inconvenience the customer experienced at the
store," said Fred Meyer Public Affairs Director Melinda Merrill.
"Receiving change for a payment is a rare occurrence. Fred Meyer stores
do accept change as payment and we will work with our store directors
and management teams to ensure they know this."

Save-a-Lot External Communications Manager Chon Tomlin also apologized
Tuesday.

"We deeply apologize for the misunderstanding that occurred recently at
our SE Foster location. As a corporate policy, we accept all forms of
payment, except for American Express. There is no maximum limit on cash
payments, specifically those involving coins of any type," Tomlin said.

When the KATU Problem Solvers called around to other grocery stores in
our area and said they were from KATU, all of the store managers said
loose change was acceptable as payment. But when they called back as
customers, they got a different story:

  * QFC would only accept $5 or $6 in loose change.
  * Albertsons said they would only accept $5.
  * WinCo and Safeway didn’t have a cutoff, but said they tell customers
    to use the change machine.
  * Only Whole Foods and New Seasons were open to accepting change, no
    matter what the amount.

The KATU Problem Solvers checked with the Oregon Attorney General, who
said while there is a federal law saying coins are legal tender, there
is not a law that mandates private businesses accept them as payment.

“If the government issues you the money, they should take it,” said Jean.


  unique_identifier
College student pays tuition bill with 500lbs of pennies in OK

Many students work to pay their way through college.

A soon-to-be grad in Oklahoma used his final payment to make a lasting
statement.

It was a heavy load, yet it was a weight lifted. 500 pounds of pennies.

And 24-year-old Andrew Magbee earned every single penny, “I collected
aluminum cans, I started a sandwich shop, I moved lawns, painted
houses,” Andrew explained.

Now, he turned every dollar, every dime, into 97,400 pennies. That’s
$974 bucks, his final tuition payment, and a signifcant moment that's
priceless.

“It's the idea that pennies add up. And being frugal counts and working
hard counts,” Andrew said.

Andrew said he did all of this to set an example for high school
students who come behind him, to:“encourage them to think through the
process of financing their education, how they are going to do it and
what they are going to pursue to make that happen,”

Making sure that his last payment counted for something. Right down, to
the last penny.

Andrew isn't done with his pennies yet.

He’ll help the business office take them to the bank
 
  unique_identifier
Community Considers 'Penny Protest' Against Sewer Fee Hike

How would you like to pay nearly $65 a month just to
flush your toilet? That what's some members of Benton County Sewer
District #1 face. Some are blaming their neighbors for the money troubles.

About 360 people get their sewer service from this group which functions
like a co-op. Some of them are irate with what they call questionable
spending, record keeping, and other practices.

"Why don't they go after the money that was owed them," says George Hall. 

He says the sewer district that gets the money from this bill is
considering raising its fees. A proposal would mean he'd pay about $9
more a month.

"[Some customers] can't afford it now, and if you raise rates, if they
pay that, then you're going to take food off their table just so they
can flush the toliet," Hall says.

Hall is a former board member and administrator of the Benton County
Sewer District #1 in the Warsaw, Missouri area. He's also on an advisory
board looking at the possible hike and alternatives.

He says the board for the district hasn't collected all the money it
should have from some customers. He showed KOLR/KOZL documents from
2004. He's concerned the hit the district is taking from those
write-offs will get passed along to paying members through a higher charge.

"You discover questionable billing practices. Questionable aging
reports," says Hall.

"We're under an FBI investigation. From what we're understanding, it's
supposed to be done the end of this month and hopefully some of these
answers can be answered," said Randy James, president of the sewer
district's board.

The Benton County Sheriff says his office was investigating the finances
of Benton County Sewer District #1. It handed off the information to the
Federal Bureau of Investigations. The FBI would not confirm or deny the
existence of any possible investigation.

Current volunteer board members at the sewer district say it faces
hundreds of thousands of dollars in improvements to an aging system. And
one that's facing new regulations.

"If there is some way that we can cut more off the bottom of the belt,
then we will do that to make this thing work," James said.

The fee increase is on hold while an advisory board looks into its
options. And while it is, Hall says some members of the district are
considering sending only a penny on their bills to try to bankrupt the
district.

Hall, his girlfriend, and a friend are trying to get a positions on the
board. He says district leaders also fired him from his past positions.
Hall's supporters say that was an attempt to silence him.

Board members say Hall wasn't qualified for the board role and they
couldn't afford to pay him as an administrator.

  unique_identifier

  Criminal law: Man faces fine for penny protest

A penny saved is a penny earned, but try spending a few thousand pennies
and you could end up with a hefty fine. This was true for Jason West of
Utah, USA, who faces a criminal conviction for paying a debt with coppers.

Mr West had been sent a $25 bill from his doctor's office, Basin Clinic,
which he disputed. Feeling frustrated by the clinic's poor customer
service, Mr West decided to go to the clinic in person to pay his bill,
with 2,500 pennies.

After confirming with the receptionist that the clinic took payments in
cash, he said, "Lucky for me, I happen to have it on me," and proceeded
to pour the coins onto the receptionist's counter.

Many of the coins spilled off the counter to the floor and to the desk
where the receptionist was sitting. Although, as Mr West said, "That's
just the nature of pennies. They're round."

The clinic alleged that Mr West's actions were aggressive and it stated:
"We will not tolerate pennies or any other objects being thrown at our
employees."

However, Mr West denies any aggression on his part, claiming, "I didn't
at any time yell at them. I didn't go on a rant. I wasn't irate."

He claims that he calmly asked for a receipt and told the billing clerk:
"I'm willing to wait if you want to count them so you can make sure you
got every penny."

Local police, arriving at the clinic after Mr West had left, confirmed
that they found pennies "strewn about the counter and the floor" of the
clinic.

Assistant Vernal Police Chief Keith Campbell said that Mr West's penny
stunt "served no legitimate purpose".

To which Mr West responded: "I would say that I had a legitimate purpose
and it was to resolve a billing dispute and pay it, and to protest how
I'd been treated."

If Mr West is found guilty of disorderly conduct, he will be fined $140,
or 14,000 pennies.

Under UK legislation, it is not permitted to repay large debts in coppers.

According to the Coinage Act 1971: "Bronze shall be legal tender ... for
payment of any amount not exceeding 20 pence."

Although this does not mean you are unable to pay for a £1 item in
pennies: that is perfectly legal, as long as the seller is agreeable.


  unique_identifier
Customer Says Grocery Stores Wouldn't Accept $32 In Quarters

Any number of stores have policies against accepting cash in
denominations higher than $20 or $50 bills, but what about loose change?
A woman in Portland (the one on the left side of the country) says her
local grocery stores refused to let her use quarters to pay for $32 in
groceries.

“We had nothing to feed our children with,” the woman tells KATU-TV. “So
we broke out the change.”

She says she waited until the checkout line at Save-A-Lot had cleared
before trying to pay so she wouldn’t be holding anyone up while the
change was counted.

“And when I went up, I told them, you know ‘I have change. Sorry, it’s
hard times right now.’ And they go, ‘well we can only accept $5,'” she
recalls, saying that tried the “Money’s money” argument with the
cashier, but to no avail.

Mortified, she headed over to Fred Meyer, where the manager informed her
she would have to use the coin-counting machine, which takes a 10% fee.
The woman said she couldn’t afford to lose that much and began crying.

After another customer offered to buy her change from her, the manager
relented and agreed to accept the quarters.

When KATU reached out to Fred Meyer, the store replied:

    We apologize for the inconvenience the customer experienced at the
    store… Receiving change for a payment is a rare occurrence. Fred
    Meyer stores do accept change as payment and we will work with our
    store directors and management teams to ensure they know this.

Save-A-Lot issued a similar statement:

    We deeply apologize for the misunderstanding that occurred recently
    at our SE Foster location. As a corporate policy, we accept all
    forms of payment, except for American Express. There is no maximum
    limit on cash payments, specifically those involving coins of any type.

KATU checked with other area grocery stores, all of which said they
accept change as payment. But when they went into those same stores
pretending to be customers, reporters discovered quite the opposite:

    QFC would only accept $5 or $6 in loose change.

    Albertsons said they would only accept $5.

    WinCo and Safeway didn’t have a cutoff, but said they tell customers
    to use the change machine.

Only Whole Foods and New Seasons accepted the full amount of change with
no hassles.

Contrary to what many people will tell you, there is no federal law
requiring private businesses to accept coins — or any sort of cash — as
payment for goods or services. But if these stores are going to go on
the record as accepting coins, then they should make sure their
employees understand store policy.
  unique_identifier

Dade City woman pays $11,075.44 tax bill in dollar bills and pennies

Whatever prompted Julann Roe to pay her property tax bill in
$1 bills and pennies — whether a political protest or a statement about
taxes in general — wasn't made clear Monday morning.

The 52-year-old simply strode into the Dade City tax office and plopped
two duffle bags packed with cash onto the counter. She pulled more cash
from a handbag and declared, "I want to pay my tax bill."

With that, five county staffers spent the next hour counting money —
$11,075.44. That's after a discount for paying ahead of the March 31
deadline.

"We wanted to make sure we got it right, that she didn't overpay," Pasco
Tax Collector Mike Fasano said.

Roe, a frequent critic of government spending, was cordial and polite,
but never gave a reason for paying her property tax in dollar bills and
pennies, even when prompted by a customer service representative. Last
year, Roe paid $10,734.34 in property taxes, about $341 less than this year.

"She didn't express anything to anyone about that," Fasano said. "She
just stood and watched."

Roe could not be reached for comment Tuesday. She lives in Dade City
with her husband, Gregory Roe, who owns New Port Richey-based Roe Insurance.

The two own a 41.5-acre property on Mickler Road valued at $711,447. In
addition to the 4,014-square-foot, two-story house, records show the
property includes a pool, a hot tub, an outdoor fireplace and horse stalls.

Roe has frequently clashed with Pasco commissioners over spending, and
during recent budget hearings criticized officials for considering a pay
raise for county employees, even though they hadn't had one in six years.

Fasano was left wondering how she came up with that many dollar bills:
"I can only assume she contacted the bank early enough to let them know
she would be withdrawing money — and wanted it all in dollar bills."

  unique_identifier

  David Penberthy: Adelaide's parking fine guy is latest poster boy for
  excruciating online vanity

 THE Adelaide guy who tried to pay his $60 parking fine with a pile of
5c pieces has become something of a folk hero since his actions were
broadcast on advertiser.com.au this week.

He has been commended for standing up to a shiftless bureaucracy, really
sticking it to the man by not just paying in coins, but tipping the
coins all over the counter in front of the irritated staff.

His antics were given added hipness by the fact he filmed himself on his
smartphone and posted the footage on a website for other like-minded
people who also enjoy posting footage of themselves on websites.

Rather than labelling this bloke a folk hero, I would opt for a shorter
descriptor which starts with "w" and rhymes with anchor.

This anonymous chap is the latest poster boy for the modern phenomenon
of excruciating online vanity.

The trend has become widespread.

Our former prime minister was rightly ridiculed for his love of
"selfies" and his use of social media sites such as Instagram to post
photos of himself doing everything from cutting himself shaving to
taking an important telephone call from Barack Obama about the crisis in
Syria.

How's that for gravitas.

female motorist putting

Warren Brown's cartoon 'How Parking Meters Work'.

In the case of parking fine boy, he cooked up his little stunt with a
view to filming himself so he could achieve the ultimate form of modern
affirmation, by going viral.

The more repellent aspect of his conduct is that he engaged in what I
regard as one of the lower forms of human behaviour, namely being rude
and aggressive to the poor receptionist. It has always puzzled me why
people will take out their anger with businesses or governments by
unloading their fury on the lowest-paid staff who, more often than not,
are women.

If this guy wanted to complain, he should complain to the people who set
policy, not to the poor sheila sitting on the front desk who's getting
paid close to minimum wage for her troubles.

And not be such a wanker wally that instead of just leaving the coins
there, he tipped them all over the desk and the carpet so that this poor
bloody woman had to clean them up herself.

The nature of his beef is so marginal as to be laughable. His bombastic
quotes are hilarious.

"You're part of a corporation I don't want to deal with," the man said
as he left the building.

It's the kind of rhetoric you would expect from activists occupying the
headquarters of some evil global multinational which had been covertly
poisoning the water supply in a developing country.

Or perhaps something you would hear chanted at a rally about the Central
Intelligence Agency's intervention in the Americas.

It was, in fact, the Adelaide City Council.

The only reason this guy ended up having to deal with this "corporation"
is that he is too stupid to know how to park his car legally.

As for the fine he had to pay, 60 bucks is nothing. Try parking
illegally in the eastern states and you won't get any change from $100.

If there is any justice, the council will send him 1200 individual
receipts for each of the 5c payments he made.

The punchline is that it is not legal to pay in coins anyway so he is
going to have to go through the process again.

Unless, of course, he wants to shift things up a gear by setting himself
alight or going on a hunger strike or seeing if Amnesty International
can get involved.

Don't rule any of this out. In a world where kids are being gassed with
sarin in Syria, this outrage by a tiny council is the thing that
occupies this fellow's mind.

What a remarkable lack of perspective.

  unique_identifier

Dealership Gives Woman Refund In Pennies

When a college student tried to get a refund for her trouble-prone Saab
from a Jacksonville car dealership, they handed her two bags full of coins.

In January, Irena Mujakovic bought a 2003 Saab from Holiday Motors in
Jacksonville Florida. Soon after she encountered transmission problems
and promptly took it back to the dealership for repair. The dealership
fixed the transmission and sold her a warranty. Then the transmission
failed again. She thought the warranty she purchased would cover both
the parts and the labor.

From First Coast News-

    "First time I paid $300 second time they asked me $400 saying how
    the warranty doesn't cover labor," said Mujakovic,"I though it
    unfair because nobody said that to me."

Mujkavic was never told that her warranty did not include labor. Ed Di
Miranda who runs the dealership admits that he never disclosed that
information.

    "The warranty did not cover labor and I failed to write that in and
    that was her loophole, "

That is when Mujkavic filed a complaint with the DMV, who ordered
Holiday Motors to refund her money. When Mujkavic went to collect they
handed her a few bills and bags full of pennies.

When asked if the payment was retaliation Miranda responded-

    "I am doing what DMV asked me to do," he said "it is legal tender."

I understand that many people do not have the finances to lease or buy a
new or lightly used car, but if you are going to get a cheap car try to
stay away from shady dealerships like this one. And definitely don't buy
an old Saab from a shady used car dealership.

  unique_identifier

  Here, take your money! Disgruntled client pays dealer $19,000 in COINS
  for new car…but the owner isn't buying it

  * *Ong Boon Lin was ordered to pay Exotic Motor for legal fees *
  * *He dumped SGD$18,997.28 of coins soaked in fish juices in the shop*
  * *Some of the coins were only 10 cents, and came from overseas
    currencies*
  * *S**hop owners Tang Siu Tong said he has lost 80 per cent of his
    customers*
  * *He is considering replacing the carpet, which could cost $4000*
  * *Under Singaporean law, coins of a denomination smaller than 50
    cents can only be payed for an amount of up to $2*

A luxury car salesman knew something smelled fishy when a customer paid
him in AUD$17,063.38 (SGD$18,997.28) in stinking coins.

Last Tuesday, Ong Boon Lin, 34, entered Exotic Motor, a shop
specialising in Ferraris and Bentleys, pushing a white box on a trolley.

Things took a turn for the weird when he toppled the box over, covering
the shop in a mountain of coins - all of which reportedly reeked of fish.

Mr Lin then toppled the box over, covering the shop in a mountain of
coins-all of which were reportedly soaked in fish juices

Mr Lin, 34, lost a lawsuit against the dealership over money he claimed
was owed to him over an Aston Martin V8 Vantage he bought from Exotic
Motor, a luxury car dealership in Singapore.

The court ordered he repay the car's road tax and insurance, as well as
reimburse the shop for legal fees, reports Stuff NZ

So in a statement of disapproval over the decision, Mr Bin paid the
money he was owed in about 100 kilograms of smelly coins, from numerous
different currencies.

The coins were valued at 10, 20 and 50 cents, with some from Malaysia
and Thailand.

The car dealership's workers were left to pack the money into about ten
bags, which were then carted into a car boot - but not without leaving
an overwhelmingly fishy odour that's not likely to go away soon.

The owner of the shop, Tang Siu Tong, said: 'The coins were soaked in
market juices, and smelled of fish. It stank up the whole place and I
had to hire professionals to get rid of it. But the smell is still there.'

'I am keeping the coins in 10 separate bags ... My lawyers are arranging
to have it returned, I am definitely not going to accept it.'

Man pays dealership $19,000 in fishy smelling coins for new car

Staff at the car dealership were left to pack the money into ten bags,
but they still left a fishy smell in the showroom

Staff at the car dealership were left to pack the money into ten bags,
but they still left a fishy smell in the showroom

The owner of Exotic Motor, Tang Siu Tong, said the shop still smelt
awful despite showing his dealership in air fresheners for three days.
He believes he may even have to replace the carpet

The owner of Exotic Motor, Tang Siu Tong, said the shop still smelt
awful despite showing his dealership in air fresheners for three days.
He believes he may even have to replace the carpet

Dealership owner complains about fishy smell in showroom

Media Corp reported that the shop still smelled awful after three days
of using air fresheners, and they are now considering replacing the
carpet, which will cost him $4000.

Mr Tong also claimed the coin dumping incident has seen him lose 80 per
cent of his customers.

Mr Lin's lawyer had allegedly told the shop his client would drop off
the money that day.

The 34 year old businessman says he doesn't see anything wrong with his
method of payment. He told local tabloid The New Paper that he did it
because he was upset with the shop.

'Was it too much? I was really unhappy with his business practice and I
paid the amount in full. So, no,' Mr Lin said.

Under Singapore's Currency Laws, coins of a denomination smaller than 50
cents can only be payed for an amount of up to $2, while only $1 dollar
coins and larger can be used for a bigger sum.

Exotic Motor, a luxury car dealership in Singapore that specialises in
Ferrari's and Bentleys

Exotic Motor, a luxury car dealership in Singapore that specialises in
Ferrari's and Bentleys

The Aston Martin V8 Vantage. Mr Lin was ordered by court to reimburse
the shop for the car's road tax and insurance, as well as legal fees

The Aston Martin V8 Vantage. Mr Lin was ordered by court to reimburse
the shop for the car's road tax and insurance, as well as legal fees
  unique_identifier
  Disgruntled customer settles entire $19k legal stoush with coins

A disgruntled customer has settled a legal stoush in Singapore by paying
the $19,000 he owned, in coins.

Businessman Ong Boon Lin, 34, reportedly lost a lawsuit against Exotic
Motors, who stock luxury cars including Ferraris, after it helped to pay
for his Aston Martin's road tax and insurance. Mr Ong was also ordered
to pay another $8,000 in lawyer's fees.

After losing the lawsuit Mr Ong walked into the dealership and dumped
around 100 kilograms worth of coins, which apparently smelled like fish,
reports the Straits Times.

"The coins were soaked in market juices, and smelled of fish. It stank
up the whole place and I had to hire professionals to get rid of it. But
the smell is still there," Exotic Motor's owner Tang Siu Tong said,
according to Fairfax.

"I am keeping the coins in 10 separate bags. My lawyers are arranging to
have it returned, I am definitely not going to accept it."

Mr Ong, 34, reportedly said he paid in coins to express his disagreement
with the court's judgment and the car dealer's actions.

Under Singapore's Currency Act, coins in denominations of less than 50
cents cannot be used for payments of more than $2.
  unique_identifier
        Disgruntled Man Pays Fine in Coins, Bank Workers Spend All Day
        Counting Money

Sometime last year, a woman named Wu was eating at a noodle shop when
she and her husband got into an altercation with its owner. The argument
turned physical and Wu suffered a brain contusion while her husband left with three
broken ribs.

Justice was served, and the court awarded Wu damages. The disgruntled
shop owner paid Wu the bulk of the 68,000 yuan fine, but gave a
remaining 10,000 yuan in the form of eight large bags of coins.

Wu deposited half the change, which took 18 bank workers in Kunming all
day to count.

  unique_identifier
  Disgruntled with his bank, California man decides to pay credit card
  bill with 650,000 pennies

Upset with his bank, a man paid a $6,500 credit card bill with 650,000
pennies.

How do you make a statement to your bank? Try
paying in pennies.

Disgruntled over a rejected refinance and charges and fees on his credit
card, a California man decided he would pay his $6,500 credit card bill
using 650,000 pennies.

Thierry Cahez owns a business called Opera Desserts. He loaded up his
delivery van with the pennies and tried to deliver them to his bank.

“Today's the 14th, my credit card is due today and I have all my pennies
in the truck,” said Cahez.

Cahez says he’s tried to make the payment for days.

“Different time, different branches and they all send me away. Very bad
attitude,” said Cahez.

Cahez says he was told he needed to roll the coins, but after rolling
them and bringing them back, they still wouldn’t take them.

A bank spokesman says the bank refused the coins because of they didn’t
have a place to store them. Thierry was sent to another branch with a
bigger vault.
 
  unique_identifier
  Doctor Pays $500,000 Settlement In Quarters

A 76 year old doctor tragically lost his son in a car accident. There
were others in the car at the time who were seriously injured but
survived. Dr. Roger Herrin believed that he was entitled to a vast
majority of the insurance benefits from the accident. An appellate court
disagreed.

The court had ruled that Dr. Herrin over-collected the insurance, and
was ordered to pay $500,000 back to the survivors of the crash. This did
not sit well with the doctor to say the least. But he had a plan.

An armored truck pulled up to a Marion, IL bank and opened it’s doors.
Inside revealed 150 bags of…loose quarters! That’s right! Quarters.

After loading the bag of quarters onto a flatbed truck, the doctor
delivered the bags to two law firms. When all was said and done, the
bags lay waiting to be picked up in the lobby of both law firms.
According to the doctor, this was his way of protesting the court ruling.

“They were not happy. They didn’t know what they were going to do with
it. And I wasn’t real congenial,” said Dr. Herrin.

Fun fact: the bags of quarters weighed close to 4 tons!

The quarters amounted to $150,000 of the overall $500,000. The rest of
the settlement was in checks.

But back to this bizarre settlement payment…Dr. Herrin had already won a
wrongful death claim that awarded him $1.65 million. That was surely not
money the other passengers were entitled to have. “Frankly, I don’t need
the money,” said the Dr. Herrin. In regards to the settlement, he
thought it unfair to return the money when the only life lost was that
of his son.

The under-insured motorist coverage on the other hand was set at
$800,000. This was to be dispensed amongst the survivors. However, no
matter how you look at it, the doctor was indeed proud of his coin trick.
  unique_identifier
  MTA says just say no to pennies MTA seeking to discourage use of
  halves, pennies.

A penny for your thoughts but, please, not for your bus fare.

The Mass Transit Administration is asking bus passengers not to insert
pennies and half-dollars in the automatic fare counters beginning May 31.

Officials claim the move will make the sorting of coins more efficient,
keep costs down, prevent delays in boarding, and reduce their chances of
making mistakes.

"It takes a lot of effort for a customer to use pennies, which delays
boarding for the other passengers," said Dianna Rosborough, an MTA
spokeswoman. "Buses are the only mode of transportation that accepted
pennies and we want to standardize things."

The problem with half-dollars was somewhat different. A new student
token -- which will replace the MTA's student passes -- is similar in
size to a John F. Kennedy half-dollar and there was concern that change
machines would mistake the two.

The MTA's request that passengers drop the use of pennies means riders
would have to forgo a popular coin, if not a profitable one. MTA buses
average 81,512 pennies a day, which only amounts to about $815.

By comparison, the agency rakes in slightly less than $73,000 in $1 and
$5 bills daily from all bus and subway users.

The half-dollar is a different story. The MTA only gets about 132 of the
50-cent pieces a day from bus and rail travelers.

Counting coins is serious business for the state agency. The MTA takes
in about $132,710 in cash each day from Metro and bus riders in the
Baltimore area, about 45 percent of it in the form of coins.

One of the Metro system's quirks is its reliance on Susan B. Anthony $1
coins. Fare machines do not accept dollar bills so subway passengers
must first convert bills into dollar coins and then purchase a ticket.

The ticketing machines on the new Central Light Rail system have a
similar taste for dollar coins. If a rider pays for a $1.10 one-way
ticket with a $5 bill, he or she will receive three Susan B's along with
the other assorted change.

Neither the subway nor the light-rail system accepts pennies or
half-dollars.

In addition to accepting nickels, dimes and quarters, MTA buses also
will continue to take in tokens and tickets and honor monthly passes.
Even pennies and half-dollars will not be refused. MTA officials insist
they just want to discourage their use.

"No one will be inconvenienced," said Ms. Rosborough. "We just want to
bring some uniformity into the system, especially with light-rail coming
on line."

  unique_identifier
  Don't Mess with New Jersey: Paying with Pennies Got Man Into Trouble

Frank Gilberti thought that his traffic ticket was "non-cents." He
noticed that the Bloomfield, New Jersey, municipal court accepts cash to
pay the fine, so he decided to pay with real cents: $56 in pennies!

That's when he got into more trouble:

    /"I went to the bank and got $56 worth of rolled pennies and went
    down to the court house and they refused to take it. They had told
    me to bring cash. I was under the assumption this was cash."/

    /Non-cents? Not really. Pennies are legal tender. In fact, at the
    courthouse WCBS-TV found a sign saying cash is accepted. That's why
    the Nutley resident said he fought back, calling the court and
    convincing workers there to take his pennies./

    /But the 22-year-old said there was a condition -- that he write his
    driver's license number on each roll. "I simply asked them if I
    would have to do just this if I were handing in $56 bill. Would I
    have to write my driver's license number on each bill? They had no
    response," Gilberti said./

    /And even more shocking he said: "Then I found out there was a
    warrant out for my arrest." /
  unique_identifier
  Driver paid £25 fine with 2500 pennies after wardens saw his ticket
  but it wasn't on dashboard

A driver paid a £25 parking fine with 2,500 1p coins after he showed
officials his valid pay-and-display ticket but they would not let him off.

Kenneth Lambourne, 64, put the £1.50 payment receipt on his dashboard
but it was blown into the ­footwell when he opened his door.

He withdrew 13lb of coins from the bank after council officials saw the
ticket but upheld the fine.

Kenneth, of Chippenham, Wilts, said: “I did it to make a point.”

Wiltshire Council said it was a driver’s responsibility to display a
ticket properly.
  unique_identifier
  Earl Warren teacher’s efforts pay off with $4,600 for Pennies for
  Patients

During the month of February, Earl Warren Elementary School participated
in the Pennies for Patients program, which raises money for children
with leukemia, lymphoma and other blood cancers.

To jump-start the fundraising, fourth-grade teacher Arlette Garcia
organized fun events. Students donated money and received water balloons
to toss at teachers, pieces of tape to stick Principal Carolyn Olsen to
a chair and paper hearts to cover up the word “leukemia.”

Thanks to Garcia’s efforts, students raised $4,621.94. Congratulations!

  unique_identifier
Eighth graders get detentions for paying for lunch in pennies

Twenty-nine eighth graders at a Hunterdon County school received two
days detention after they paid for their $2 lunches with pennies,
officials said.

The 8th graders at Readington Middle School were protesting having only
30 minutes for lunch each day. They received detentions for slowing the
cafeteria line and disrespecting lunch aides, who had to count the 5,800
copper-plated coins, said Superintendent Jorden Schiff.

There were approximately 200 students in the cafeteria during Thursday's
lunch period, Schiff said. The detentions called for spending an hour of
silence in a classroom after school.

"Most reasonable people understand that the school needed to respond to
this," he said.

Schiff said school officials would work to harness the organizational
power and desire of the students and channel it towards something that
could impact the greater good.
  unique_identifier
El Salvador’s Rudy Valencia pays $1,200 dollar fine in coins

El Salvador midfielder Rudy Valencia was not impressed at being handed a
$1,200 for leaving the national team’s without permission recently.

He got some sort of revenge this week when he arrived at the FA
headquarters to pay his fine in small coins.

The full amount was paid in 1, 5, 10, and 25 cent pieces. Officials
warned that Valencia could now face an additional fine for disrespect.

OTP can only hope he’ll pay that one with postage stamps.
  unique_identifier
Event promoter pays litter fine – in 1c and 2c coins

MURDER might be on the menu for a city entertainment group but they
won’t be allowed to advertise their dark deeds on the city’s streets
after being hit with a €150 litter fine.

However the entrepreneur behind the ‘Murder on the Menu’ enterprise
decided after a long battle to pay his fine last Friday at City Hall in
pretty unconventional fashion . . . presenting his €150 ‘levy’ in a
large bag of one and two cent coins.

Bruce Henry, who presents his murder mystery dramas to the likes of hen
celebrations and private parties, was ‘hit’ with a €150 fine from a City
Council warden after putting up a poster advertising his service five
months ago.

“As a small business owner, we’re just trying to make a living and it’s
so frustrating when my one sign is taken down and destroyed and I’m
served with a €150 fine.

“This is done while at the same time politicians are granted nearly
unrestricted access to blanket the entire city with election posters
which are double the size of my poster,” said Bruce Henry.

Last Friday – in ‘an act of civil disobedience’ – he went up to City
Hall and paid his fine of €150 for ‘litter pollution’ in one and two
cent coins.

“This is to protest at the way in which the Council have treated me,”
said Mr. Henry.

A spokesman for the City Council told the Connacht Sentinel that the
only postering allowed in the city under the law was for candidates
during a designated period in the run-up to elections.

“This is nothing against any individual. Many people have been fined for
putting up posters – it is simply against the law and is not allowed.”

  unique_identifier
Exclusive: Man Pays Thousands In Property Taxes With $1 Bills In Protest

Robert Fernandes, an IT manger from Forks Township, PA, has three
children. None of which go to the local public school in their new town.
“We home school our children. Doing so has many associated costs,” says
Fernandes. Regardless of the fact that the Fernandes family doesn’t use
the public school system he got a tax bill for $7,143.

According to Fernandes, “The town’s tax system is broken up. There are
about 3 different taxes assessed on property owners. The school’s
portion of the property tax bill comes in the mail right as children of
the public school system head back into class after the Summer months.”
 In protest, Fernandes went to the bank and took out $7,134 in single
USDs. He loaded the thousands into a duffle bag, stopped by the doughnut
shop and headed to the local tax office in the Easton Area School
District to pay his “fair share”. “I brought the doughnuts just in case
anyone felt I was trying to inconvenience them. I wanted to be friendly
and cordial. I just wanted to prove my point,” says Fernandes.

More than 10,000 people lose their home in PA every year because
of the burdensome property taxes. Fernandes makes clear in the video
that this process in not voluntary. He is only paying in fear that if he
does not pay- someone will show up at his house to take his property
away from him and his family.


    “/I’m against taxation all together. I believe that services could
    be provided more efficiently voluntarily. I wanted to make a point.
    It’s extremely tough on people to have to throw this money away when
    they receive no benefit from the system. Also, there is no sense of
    property ownership. If someone can simply force you to give them
    your money and take your property away from you even if you have
    paid off your house- we’re not really property owners. It’s immoral
    at best./”

Fernandes tells me that he believes there is a better way to fund education…

    “/Many people believe there is no way to fund school unless it’s
    done in this manner. I’d like to see the government get out of
    education all together. If schools could be allowed to compete with
    each other then they would be fighting for student enrollment.
    People will send their money to the schools, which are performing
    best. The two variables that parents would assess would be cost and
    performance. In the system we have now there is no accountability.
    They know they’re going to get your money no matter what. It
    provides for a very inefficient system./“

The tax collector would not count the money. “I’ll give you a receipt
saying that we received the money, but not that it was accounted,” she
says. She says that they must take it to the bank so that they can count
it first. Fernandes, uneasy about leaving the cash with someone without
receiving a full receipt, asks her to count the money in front of him.
“I don’t want to leave here and leave this money in someone else’s
hands. I just want to make sure. I mean, I counted this money. They take
money from people and they can’t even count it,” says Fernandes. The two
went to the bank together where the money was finally counted and
accepted. “The state isn’t even efficient at counting money. They
forcefully take money, can’t count it, and then we have to go to a
private business so it can be counted,” he says.

According to Fernandes, some people didn’t get the point of the video.

    “/It seems like there were many people who didn’t get the point of
    the video. Many have commented that I am greedy and don’t want to
    pay my fair share. It should be noted that people shouldn’t have to
    pay for a service they don’t want or even use. I think it’s really
    important that people understand that there are better ways to
    provide an education than by kicking people out of their homes for
    not being able to pay a bill on property that they supposedly own.
    There are more creative ways to do it than through force./”
  unique_identifier
Furious father pays back $500,000 insurance claim over car crash that
  killed his son in 4 TONS of quarters

  * *Survivors of car crash that killed 15-year-old appeal against
    father's payout*
  * *Illinois man forced to return part of claim paid after teenager's
    death
 
A father who was forced to pay back part of the insurance money he was
awarded when his 15-year-old son was killed in a car crash has made the
payment in quarters to protest at the ruling.

An armored car was used to deliver a third of the $500,000 to two
Illinois law firms that Roger Herrin was ordered to repay.

Mr Herrin, of Harrisburg, was forced to pay back the funds after the
survivors of the crash that killed his son appealed a decision that
awarded him the larger share of the insurance money.

Delivery: Roger Herrin, whose son was killed in a crash, decided to pay
part of an insurance claim refund in quarters to protest at the decision

Delivery: Roger Herrin, whose son was killed in a crash, decided to pay
part of an insurance claim refund in quarters to protest at the decision

His son, Michael, was in a car with three other people when it was hit
by a truck that failed to stop at a junction in June 2001.

They had been returning from playing golf when the truck hit the Jeep
the group was in, killing Michael and injuring the other passengers,
according to *WSIL3*.

Mr Herrin said he made the repayment on Wednesday, using quarters he had
ordered from the St Louis Federal Reserve, as a protest at the appeal
ruling.

'There was no satisfaction from doing that. The loss of a child is the
loss of a child, and all the money doesn't replace that,' he said.

The 76-year-old added: 'I just wanted to draw attention to what went on
here. I really wanted to do it in pennies.'

Mr Herrin, a retired foot surgeon, arranged for a truck carrying 150
bags - each filled with $1,000 dollars of quarters and weighing 50lb -
to deliver the funds to the two law firms. 

'They can have all the money in the world and I'd take my son back,' Mr
Herrin said. 'It leaves a hole in your heart that is never repairable.'

Protest: Roger Herrin watches as 150 bags, each containing $1,000 of
quarters, are unloaded at an Illinois law firm

Weight of grief: A decision to award the Herrins with $600,000 after
Michael's death was appealed by the three survivors of the crash

Hefty: Workers carry the coin bags that weigh 50lb each into a law firm

The legal battle over the insurance money has been continuing since the
crash, and centers on the distribution of underinsured motorist insurance.

The Jeep Michael was a passenger in was covered for $800,000. At the
time, a judge ruled that because his son had died, Mr Herrin should be
awarded $600,000.

Through other lines of insurance, Mr Herrin and his ex-wife also
received $1.65 million in payouts, so an appellate court ordered a
refund of part of his share, and increased the portion awarded to the
other people involved in the crash.

Attorneys for the other victims have not commented on the case because
of confidentiality agreements.

However, staff at the law firms that took delivery of the quarters said
they would have liked notice of the payment and said that it could
create a security risk for them.

Fatal: Michael Herrin was killed when a truck hit this Jeep in 2001

Michael Herrin crash

Mark Prince, who represents the driver of the Jeep and her son, told the
*Bellingham Herald*:
'We've been on pins and needles because we had a lot of cash suddenly
laying around.'

He added: 'We don't have safes or vaults ... advance notice would have
been nice, because we could have made arrangements to have it delivered
to the bank.'

Douglas Dorris, an attorney for the other surviving occupant of the
Jeep, added: 'I am not going to criticize a man who lost his son, who is
obviously upset with the decisions of the court. But I believe the
decisions of the appellate court follow the law correctly.'
  unique_identifier
Fined Dundee driver tells court he’ll pay in coppers

A Dundee motorcycle champion convicted of running a red light attempted
to pay his £120 fine in 1p and 2p coins.

John Leech, who disputed police evidence at his trial in April, had paid
nothing towards his fine from the Justice of the Peace court in Dundee
since he was caught.

Mr Leech, 36, of Broughty Ferry, is a previous Scottish 125cc
motorcycle champion who most recently competed in the Irish 350cc
championships, but was driving a car at the time of the offence.

He argued he passed the first set of lights at the junction with
Polepark Road, which was amber at the time, but by the time he crossed
over the other side of the junction they had turned to red.

He said: “The police were at Peco Electrics off Polepark Road and they
didn’t have a clear view of me, they only saw the red light.

“I shouldn’t have been prosecuted, never mind convicted.”

Mr Leech was determined that, if he had to pay the fine, he would make
sure it was on his terms.

That meant paying in the smallest denomination coins he could — 1p and
2p coins, which he gathered in from friends and family through a
Facebook appeal.

He turned up at the JP court with the coins in a big carrier bag and
offered to pay the full amount immediately.

Before going into court he told The Courier: “I’m not counting it, they
can count it on their own. I’m not bothered about the change, if it’s
over they can put the amount in their charity box or take it to the
Salvation Army.

“They are stealing this money from me for something I haven’t done. What
about the poor other drivers who don’t have ways and means to pay for it?

“I’m not refusing to pay — it’s up to them if they refuse to take my
payment.”

Once inside the court, Mr Leech was called into the dock before
Justice of the Peace Christine McLeod and was asked why he hadn’t paid
anything towards the £120. He replied: “I’m here to pay it today.”

The sheriff clerk then asked if he was paying in cash, to which Mr Leech
replied: “Coins.” The clerk asked how much in coins and he replied: “£120.”

The clerk said: “We don’t accept coins, we can accept up to £20 in coins
and the rest in notes.”

Mr Leech then dumped the bag of coins over the top of the dock he was
standing in and they landed with a thump on the wooden floor of the court.

He said: “Are you refusing my payment?”

The clerk replied: “We are not refusing your payment. If you want to pay
£20 in coins that’s fine, then £100 will be outstanding.”

After discussions between the justice and the clerk over the methods of
counting and paying for the fine, the JP said: “Mr Leech, I’m going to
impose a fine enforcement order of £20 a week until the fine is paid.

“You can pay that in any denomination you choose.”

He was given further time to pay, starting from next week.

Afterwards Mr Leech said: “They can come to my home. I’m not going to
come down here every week with my bag of money.”
  unique_identifier
Florida car dealer pays refund in pennies and dollar bills

A car dealer in Jacksonville, Florida, had
to give a customer a refund. But the customer says the dealer tried to
get the last laugh by paying $85 of the refund in pennies.

When Irena Mujakovic purchased this 2003 Saab she didn’t expect the
problems she encountered from the dealer, and she didn’t expect what the
dealer would do when he was ordered to give her a refund.

Mujakovic bought the car in January from Holiday Motors and it developed
transmission problems.

“The message popped up saying gearbox malfunction,” Mujakovic said.

They fixed it and sold her a warranty, but then it happened again.

“First time, I paid $300. Second time, they asked me $400,” Mujakovic said.

The International College student filed a complaint with the DMV. The
state agency investigated and told the dealer to give her a refund.

“That’s actually money that I borrowed,” Mujakovic said.

Mujakovic says this week she went to get her refund and was given two
bags of pennies and some dollar bills.

“There were some one-dollar bills, but mostly pennies — like two full
bags,” Mujakovic said.

She left the bags. She says she didn’t know if it is the correct amount,
$400, and didn’t have time to count it.

“I’m so mad with them,” Mujakovic said.

The owner of the dealership, Ed Di Miranda, declined an on camera interview.

Di Miranda said the warranty did not cover labor and he failed to write
that in, and that was her loophole.

He said, “I am doing what DMV asked me to do. It is legal tender.”

The dealer said it’s about $85 in coins and the rest of the refund is in
dollar bills.

So why coins?

Di Miranda said when he emptied his coin containers, that’s all he had.

He said the DMV instructed him to give her a refund, but didn’t tell him
how the refund should be made. As far as he’s concerned, he has complied.

The money is still waiting at the dealership for her to pick it up.
  unique_identifier
Florida car dealership pays back woman in pennies, dollar bills

A car dealership in Florida was ordered to pay a refund to a woman who
had repeated problems with her transmission. But how they paid her has
that woman fuming.

Irena Mujakovic bought the 2003 Saab in January from Holiday Motors in
Jacksonville. She said the vehicle developed transmission problems.

"The message popped up, saying gearbox malfunction," she said.

So she took it to the dealership, where they fixed it and sold her a
warranty. But then it happened again.

She paid $300 the first time. The second time, she says they asked her
to pay $400. So Mujakovic filed a complaint with the Department of Motor
Vehicles, and after an investigation, the dealer was told to give her a
refund.

But when Mujakovic says she went to get her refund, she was given two
bags of pennies and some dollar bills.

"There were some one-dollar bills, but mostly pennies -- like two full
bags," she said.

The dealer said the warranty didn't cover labor and he failed to write
that in, and that was her loophole. So he said he was just paying her
the money he was ordered to.

"I am doing what the DMV asked me to do," said owner Ed Di Miranda. "It
is legal tender."

Di Miranda says it's about $85 in coins and the rest of the refund in
dollar bills.  unique_identifier
Forks Township man pays $7,143 school tax bill in $1 bills

Fed up with having to pay $7,143 in school taxes for a district his
children don’t attend, a Forks Township man paid that portion of his tax bill last week in single dollar bills.

And it's all on YouTube.

Robert Fernandes, a father of three, moved to Forks Township a year ago
from Warren County, seeking lower property taxes for a larger home that
could also house his elderly parents. Fernandes commutes to work as an
IT manager for a company in Bedminster Township, N.J., while his wife
home-schools the children, ages 7, 4 and 1.

Fernandes says he got a great deal on a short sale when he bought his
home, but his annual property taxes total nearly $10,000. Reached by
phone Tuesday, Fernandes said he doesn’t want to pay $7,143 in school taxes.

“We don't even use the public system, yet I am being forced to pay all
this money into a public school system," he said. "I don't think that's
really either fair or just or even ethical.

"It would be the equivalent if McDonald's were to force vegetarians to
pay for their cheeseburgers."

Easton Area School District interim Superintendent John Reinhart did
not immediately return a phone call and email seeking comment.

In a visual aid displaying how much he spends on the school district,
Fernandes turned up Aug. 27 at the Forks Township tax office with stacks
of hundreds of singles. He says on the YouTube video captured by friends that
most taxpayers lump their annual taxes into their monthly mortgage
payment and never get to see in dollars how much they pay.

*'I wanted ... a visual'*

“I wanted to create a visual; they don’t get to actually ... see exactly
how much taxes is being stolen from them," Fernandes, who visited the
tax office with his family and three friends, says on the Internet
video. “And I am using the word stolen because I'm not here voluntarily
paying this money to anybody. I'm here because I fear for the threat
somebody will come and take my house away from me if I don't pay this.”

The Forks tax collector, Anne Bennett-Morse, reminded Fernandes the
school board votes on the school budget, not the municipality. Fernandes
told Bennett-Morse he didn’t mean to be difficult and provided municipal
employees with two dozen doughnuts for any inconvenience.

"It needs to be seen -- this is $7,143.54 of my hard-earned money,”
Fernandes goes on to say. “It's pretty tough to me to part with this. I
can think of better uses for this money than to give it to some service
I don't use."

Fernandes said if he retires by age 50, it would cost him an estimated
$400,000 in property taxes if he stayed in his home until age 90. As an
alternative, he favors a free marketplace for education.

When Bennett-Morse asked if they could go to a nearby bank to have the
money counted, Fernandes states on the video, "I think it says a lot
that they can't even count this large amount of money here. They expect
me to work hard for it and other people to work hard for their money,
but they can't even count it in the place that they collect it."

*Township responds*

Bennett-Morse said Tuesday she had no issue counting the money at the
tax office but didn’t want to inconvenience the family and a growing
line of taxpayers behind Fernandes waiting to pay their bills -- via
check. She said this is the first time in her tenure anyone paid their
bill in single dollars or change.

Forks Supervisors Chairman Erik Chuss said
residents with concerns should bring them to elected officials, attend
public meetings or run for office themselves.

"This isn't about politics. This is about morality. This is about
ethics,” Fernandes said, adding he hopes the YouTube footage hits home
with viewers. "I'm hoping people see this video and do the same thing:
stop paying in their escrow and mortgage and start paying taxes the way
I did.”

He said he is passionate about various issues. In 2011, he launched
Lemonade Freedom, which supports children operating lemonade stands.
Last year, he helped gather donations for Christmas presents for a
homeless shelter in Philadelphia.
  unique_identifier
Fort Collins rejects coins as payment for ticket

In Fort Collins, whether you can pay a municipal fine with coins depends
on which side of the lobby you’re standing in.

College student Ted Nischan found that out this week when he tried to
pay a $160 speeding ticket with the contents of his change bucket.

Nischan, 25, tried to use his coins – which a bank counted for him – to
pay the speeding ticket. But municipal court workers refused to take the
coins. They said it would take them too long to count them and said he
needed to figure out a different way to pay.

Now, Nischan is worried he might lose his license at a court hearing
today. He said he doesn’t have much money after paying his rent, and
that’s why he turned to his coin bucket to scrape up his fine.

“This is what I’ve got,” Nischan said on Tuesday afternoon, hefting his
blue coin-filled bucket. “Please take it. It’s real money.”

Nischan is frustrated because he considers coins perfectly legal tender.
He said he’s not trying to make any sort of political statement or protest.

“I had the bank count it, but they wanted to charge me to turn it into
bills. And I don’t have the money for that,” he said.

His own bank, Chase, said it would take up to a week to count the coins
and then credit his account. He said he acknowledges that he could have
gotten started earlier but wonders aloud why he can’t just use the coins.

“If they don’t accept my payment, they might suspend my license, which
is going to cause a whole bunch of other problems,” he said.

There is a solution to Nischan’s frustrations: a municipal coin-counting
machine. It sits about 20 feet away, across the lobby of the city
government building at 215 N. Mason St.

Like the courts, the coin machine is run by city workers who use it
every day to count the money people pay to park in city-owned garages.
The machine is also occasionally used to count the coins people bring in
when they pay parking tickets.

“We actually have a coin counter on premises, in our offices,” said
Randy Hensley, the city’s parking services manager. “We’re across the
lobby.”

Even though both the court and parking offices are in the same building,
and even though the people who work there are all city employees, the
two departments are totally separate. They use different computer
systems and different accounting systems.

That means Nischan wouldn’t be allowed to turn the money into the
parking department and have them simply enter the payment into the
court’s payment and accounting system.

Hensley said that, while court workers have never asked to use his coin
counter, it likely wouldn’t be a problem to let them use it sometimes.

“They have their own rules and procedures over there,” Hensley said of
his fellow city workers. “If municipal court wanted to borrow our
coin-counting machine, I’d be willing to discuss that with them.”

Municipal court supervisor Fran Seaworth said her clerks will take a few
dollars worth of coins in payment.

She said having them count out Nischan’s $160 is just not a good use of
their time.

“It’s not prudent use of taxpayer funds to have one of the clerks sit
there counting quarters, nickels and pennies,” Seaworth said. “We don’t
have the staffing to hand-count coins. I think the taxpayers would not
be happy if we were spending hours counting a large amount of coin.”

Seaworth said, until Tuesday, she was unaware that Hensley and his staff
had a coin-counting machine a few feet away. Seaworth said it might be
possible in the future for people to pay municipal court fines with
coins, but that could work only if the parking services staff would
count their coins and then give them dollar bills they could physically
walk across the lobby.

“We do work for the same government,” she said. “We’re totally separate.”
  unique_identifier
French woman pays taxes with 66 pounds of coins

The French woman who brought 66 pounds of coins to a tax office to pay
her $268 bill said: "I am French and I love to complain!"

A French woman who used 66 pounds
of coins to pay her $268 tax bill said she was angry about having to
sell her car to raise the sum.

The woman, who gave her name as Audrey D., 28, visited the tax
authority's office in Sallanches to make her final payment on a bill
that originally totaled $1,434 and she handed over $268 in coins.

"To pay my taxes on time, I had to sell my car," said Audrey, who is
unemployed but owed the taxes on her income from 2013.

Audrey said office workers initially seemed annoyed by her stunt, but
they were able to see the humorous side of things while counting the
coins -- a task that took more than two hours.

"I'm not against paying taxes. But I don't think we should have to pay
so much," the woman said, adding: "I am French and I love to complain!"

  unique_identifier
Furious grandmother pays parking fine in pennies after losing appeal

A grandmother was so furious after losing an appeal against her parking
ticket she settled the debt - with 3,500 1p coins.

Susan Catcheside, 74, challenged the £700 fine because she claimed the
'permit holders only' space she parked in was not clearly marked.

Gloucester City Council refused to overturn the ticket but agreed to
halve the fine if she paid within two weeks.

In order to pay the fine, Mrs Catcheside raided her penny jar, and took
£350 worth of 1p coins to the Town Hall, where stunned Gloucester City
Council staff painstakingly counted the money.

'I thought that if I've got to pay I will jolly well make them work for
it' said Mrs Catcheside, from Longney, Gloucester.

'It's absolutely disgraceful. With the best will in the world this was
an innocent mistake. I said I won't ever do it again.

'They should have a bit of humanity. They should have got permit holders
only written on the road. It's hard for some people to see the signs.'

The retired secretary was visiting a friend at the Gloucestershire Royal
Hospital when she unknowingly parked in a permit only spot.

She returned an hour later to find a parking ticket on her windscreen
and phoned the council to launch a challenge on the basis she had made
'an innocent mistake'.

She added: ''I challenged it on the basis I was not there for more than
an hour and I didn't know it was permit holders only.

'Had I known I would not have parked there.'

A spokesman for Gloucester City Council said: 'If someone has parked
illegally then we have to give them a ticket. There is an appeals process.

'This lady has gone through that and the appeal hasn't been allowed. If
she wants to pay in pennies that's fine. Cash payments are accepted.'
  unique_identifier
Got some change?

In protest of an appellate court order to repay roughly
$500,000 in insurance money, Roger Herrin complied Wednesday but paid
$150,000 of the amount in quarters.

The repayment stems from a series of lawsuits that have bounced back and
forth between courts for about 12 years after a Saline County vehicle
wreck killed his 15-year-old son Michael and injured others.

An armored vehicle from St. Louis delivered the coins to a Marion bank
to begin the payment process. Workers unloaded 150 bags of quarters
containing $1,000 each from the truck. Altogether, the load weighed four
tons.

The money was then delivered to the unsuspecting recipients, bringing an
end to all litigation in the case and making the day a bittersweet one
for Herrin.

“It’s vehemently wrong in my view and nearly everybody else in the
world,” he said of the payment, adding later, “If and when someone loses
a child it leaves a hole in your heart that is never repairable.”

Herrin, a businessman including formerly owning banks, said he is upset
with a 5th District Appellate Court ruling that his son’s estate should
not have received any insurance money slated for victims in the wreck.

Herrin, a member of the SIU Board of Trustees, is also upset the family
of another teenager involved in the wreck, but who only sustained an
injury, will now receive nearly as much in insurance money as the Herrin
Estate initially did.

According to court records, the fatal wreck occurred June 2001 when a
farm truck driven by Brian Bramlet disobeyed a stop sign and broadsided
a Jeep Cherokee at an intersection on Illinois 34 near Raleigh. Bramlet
was found to be at fault.

Three teenage boys, including Herrin’s son, were passengers in the Jeep
driven by one of the other boy’s mother, Katherine Duncan. Michael and
teenager Jared Head were ejected, killing Michael and badly injuring
Head. Duncan and her son, Ross, were also injured.

The controversy over the insurance money stems in part from then-Saline
County Judge Ron Eckiss’ order that Herrin, as administrator, distribute
$900,000 among the victims based on percentages determined by damages
suffered by each victim.

All but $100,000 of the amount came from Duncan’s underinsured motorist
policy; the rest came from Bramlet’s insurance.

Distribution was based on case law known in short as Janes, which
involved claims for damages in the 1993 wrongful death of three Southern
Illinois teachers and two others in Carterville. A sixth person survived.

In appeal, however, the other families argued that Janes did not allow
the Herrin estate access to the money because Herrin had separate
insurance on businesses and vehicles that included his family and
received $1.65 million of a possible $5.5 million from that insurance.

The appellate court agreed.

“The (Jeep Cherokee’s) common pool of underinsured-motorist coverage
initially must be distributed to the injured occupants with no outside
source of underinsured-motorist coverage, effectively eliminating any
recovery for the Herrin Estate,” appellate judges wrote.

Herrin disagrees, saying his insurance had nothing to do with the
Cherokee vehicle and should not have been counted against him.

Attorneys for the other families, Douglas N. Dorris and Mark D. Prince,
would not comment on the case. They cited a confidentiality agreement
signed by them, Herrin and others.

“I’m not going to comment about his motives,” Dorris said of Herrin’s
protest. “He’s a man who has lost a son.”

  unique_identifier
Grad Students Use Change to Call for Change at Stony Brook

Dan Elton, a fifth year graduate student who works full time in the
physics department, entered that Stony Brook University administration
building with two small boxes full of coin rolls. A few more rolls
spilled over into a third.

Elton said was frustrated with the steady increase in fees and tuition
at Stony Brook University. In an attempt to protest the increase in
cost, Elton and several other graduate students used their spare change
to make a point at the Graduate Student Employees Union protest called
“Change The Fees.”

“We feel that fee increases ignore the financial reality of graduate
student workers,” read an open letter the Graduate Student Employees
Union protest prepared.

Elton took 10 minutes to pay the bursar with rolls of coins, not
counting the time it took him to write his student ID number on each
roll. He echoed the sentiment of the letter.

“It’s not right that employee grad students should pay the fees for
services they will not use,” said Elton, who described the fees as “a
severe financial burden.”

For graduate students like Joshua Comden, a second year graduate
student, fees represent too significant a portion of their expenses to
be ignored. Comdem makes $8,500 a semester before taxes but had to pay
$579 in fees on Wednesday.

Jessica Rybak, a worker for the Graduate Student Employees Union who
organized the event, Elton, Comden, and the five other protesters paid a
total of more than $2,200 worth of fees in coins and small bills. The
group also gathered over 200 signatures on a petition to change the fees.

Mara Green, the director of student accounts at the bursar office,
worked a register set aside for students partaking in the protest. She
said that the office was notified of the protest the day before and only
requested that the coins be put in rolls. Most of the students obliged,
but some handed her individual coins and dollar bills.

“I prefer that they didn’t do this, but legal tender is legal tender,”
said Green. She offered no comment on the effectiveness of the action.
University Spokesperson Lauren Sheprow responded by saying Stony Brook
is not run for profit and the price of fees are directly related to the
cost of what they pay for.

As a result of the protest, other students had to wait on a line for
fewer registers. Emily Felton, a graduate student, described the action
as ridiculous.

“Stony Brook has the lowest tuition and fees compared to any other
school of its kind,” said Felton. “This is a waste of time and
resources; they should just pay the bill like everyone else.”
  unique_identifier
Heavy protest: Calgary university charges credit card fee, dude pays
  $3000 tuition in nickels

It’s one of the quirks of human nature that we have a severe aversion to
“fees” that we view as unfair. If something costs $50 we’ll be okay, but
don’t charge us $47 and then hit us with a $2.50 fee as we’re paying.
Fees are viewed as lacking transparency and a way to wring customers of
their last nickle and dime. Perhaps it was this annoyance that drove a
Mount Royal University student to pay his tuition with 230 pounds of
coins to protest a 1.89% fee the university began charging students who
paid tuition with a credit card.

From CTV Calgary:

    Devin DeFraine is upset with recent changes to the post secondary
    institution’s fee payment options. The University has implemented an
    additional fee of up to 1.89% of the cost of tuition for students
    paying with Mastercard or Visa.

    To protest the new charge, DeFraine paid his tuition in full at the
    Registrar’s Office on Wednesday using approximately 105 kg (230 lbs)
    of coins instead of his credit card.

    The second year Geology Major student hopes his peaceful stance will
    catch MRU’s attention.

    “I’d like them to reverse the decision,” says DeFraine. “I know the
    U of C’s done it in the past and they experienced something similar
    to this. Hopefully they’ll learn from a little coin.”

    “If they’re gonna nickel and dime us, I’m gonna nickel and dime them.”

The fee adds up to around $60 per semester. Now to increase tuition by a
bit over $100 a year might not provoke such a protest, but knowing that
credit cards are the primary way of paying tuition, tacking on a “fee”
to that payment method just seems disingenuous and the student’s outrage
is understandable.

Then again, whenever one seeks to subvert fees or expenses, the
consideration of how much one’s time is worth comes into consideration.
To procure thousands of dollars worth of coins and schlep them to the
registrar’s office might end up being more of an inconvenience than just
paying the fee. But is, I suppose, a matter of principle.

Recently a rumor circulated following a United States court’s decision
forcing Samsung to pay Apply one billion dollar for patent violations,
that Samsung would be paying Apple in pennies. No matter that as many
pennies as would be needed to pay this are not thought to be available
in the entire country, that Samsung was appealing the decision and that
that the rumor was on its face absurd, the speed at which it spread
shows the viral power which protesting big fees by using small
demonstrations of currency has among people.
  unique_identifier
Hope No One Minds If I Just Plunk Down 62,000 Pennies To Pay Off
  This Mortgage

Money is money, which is why one man figured the bank wouldn’t mind all
that much if he finally paid off his mortgage with around 62,000 pennies
he’d saved over the last 35 years. He said he just wanted his last
payment on the house he bought in 1977 with his wife to be “memorable.”
At two 400-pound boxes, we’d say that penny payment isn’t going to be
forgotten soon.

Thomas made it his mission from the outset of his mortgage to make the
final payment in pennies.

“It was something I wanted to do,” he told the /Milford Daily News/. “I
always follow through. I was just praying I didn’t die first.”

On average, his penny pile grew at 2.5 pennies per day. It started out
in a grape crate, which began to break over the years as the pennies
added up. He then bought a pair of steel military rocket launcher ammo
boxes to hold the pennies.

Thomas didn’t want to elaborate on the exact amount of pennies, but did
reveal that each box probably weighed around 400 pounds. He kept them in
his basement, and his wife would laugh when he went to pick up a penny
and say it was going toward the mortgage.

The last mortgage payment arrived on his 35th anniversary, which was
quite a coincidence. He gave the bank a heads up that he’d be arriving
with his load of pennies, and they said “they were 100 percent for it.”

Now that he’s no longer a penny man, he works in the garden in his backyard.

And besides, “I’m too old to pick up those boxes of pennies,” he said.
  unique_identifier
How Should You Pay a Higher Toll? How About Coin by Coin by Coin?

 It is raining pennies up here along the Canadian border.

Earlier this month, the New York State Thruway Authority raised the
price of passage at four Buffalo-area barriers by a quarter.

In Buffalo, anger over a toll increase at four area barriers has stirred
a Penny Protest. In addition to pickets, some drivers are showing their
displeasure with the increase by paying their tolls one cent at a time.

Drivers are angry and fed up with the high cost of getting around
Buffalo. And so they have been happy to go along with a gimmick
conceived by a local radio station and backed by several local and state
elected officials, by rebelling against the increase with a "Penny
Protest."

Paying for their tolls one penny at a time lengthened lines at the
tollbooth where Interstate 190, a branch off the mainline Thruway,
connects Buffalo and Niagara Falls. The toll at that barrier, as well as
three others along the route, increased to 75 cents from 50 cents on May 15.

"We wanted to give people an outlet to scream and yell about these
tolls," said Tom Ragan, co-host of the morning show on WEDG-FM, which
spent all week broadcasting from a spot a few hundred yards from the
southernmost collection point, the South Ogden Street barrier.

With the increase, a driver traveling from the southern part of Buffalo
or the surrounding suburbs, to Niagara Falls, a distance of about 25
miles, pays $3 for each round trip. Those with an E-ZPass get a 10
percent discount.

In addition to the booths on I-190, motorists traveling the mainline
Thruway, I-90, encounter toll barriers to the east and southwest of
Buffalo, though the portion in between is toll-free.

"We're getting taxed to death around here, and this is just another
tax," said Dan DeWitt, a home-improvement contractor who said his
company paid $60,000 in tolls last year for 15 trucks that roam the
region daily. "If I go anywhere, I've got to go through a tollbooth."

Friday morning, station employees made change for motorists and handed
out stickers with a likeness of Abraham Lincoln making an impolite gesture.

Elected officials expressed opposition to the increase in more measured
tones. "The issue is that commuters in Buffalo and the Western New York
area are treated unfairly, differently than commuters in other upstate
cities," said the Erie County clerk, David J. Swarts, noting that there
is nothing similar to the Buffalo area's six collection points in the
regions immediately surrounding Rochester, Albany, Syracuse, Binghamton
and Utica. "We're the only upstate city that has tollbooths in the
commuter area."

A Thruway Authority spokesman, Daniel J. Gilbert, said that was because
the authority did not own or maintain highways in those other
municipalities.

Kathleen Hochul, the deputy county clerk, has been advocating removal of
all four toll-collection points on the I-190 and moving the mainline
barriers further from Buffalo since 1996, when the bonds used to finance
the original Thruway construction were retired.

Since 1988, the Thruway Authority has spent almost $243 million on what
is known as the Niagara section of the interstate while collecting less
than $154 million in tolls there, Mr. Gilbert said. Much of that money
has been devoted to the first major construction project on the road,
which was completed in 1960.

Ms. Hochul also serves on the town board in Hamburg, a suburb south of
Buffalo, which is home to two exits from I-90. She said many of her
constituents paid 35 cents to drive a mile on the mainline Thruway, then
another 75 cents to get on I-190, which runs through downtown Buffalo.

"My town is hit harder by the tolls than anyplace," she said, citing the
Thruway Authority's annual report that showed more than $20 million was
collected at the four barriers along the I-190 in 2003. "We're a
first-ring suburb, but we're basically paying a commuter tax. It costs
commuters in our town hundreds of dollars a year."

At 8 a.m. Friday, a "Penny Parade" organized by the radio hosts backed
up normally smooth-flowing toll lanes. One participant took the opposite
approach, paying his toll with a $100 bill and insisting on a receipt.

The morning show, which has been on the air for more than a decade, has
garnered local publicity for previous pranks and contests, most of which
were decidedly less civic-minded.

"Sometimes you do stuff just for fun or to see what you can get people
to do," said Ted Shredd, Mr. Ragan's co-host. "Sometimes you're driven
by a cause - like this time."

For some, the protest extended beyond the extra quarter to outrage at
all levels of government. In February, a public outcry helped kill a 1
percent sales tax increase proposed by County Executive Joel Giambra,
leaving a hole of more than $100 million in the budget for 2005. When
Mr. Giambra floated the idea of a temporary increase as new deficits
emerged in recent weeks, he found little support among county or state
legislators.

"People are finally outraged around here," said Mr. Shredd, who like Mr.
Ragan wore an orange Thruway Authority jacket, donated by an employee.
"We just feel like we're getting taken advantage of time and time again.
We want to send a message that enough is enough."
  unique_identifier
How to protest road tolls in China: pay in coppers

In protest of increasing and frequently placed road tolls in China, a
couple of drivers thought they'd put a fork in the system by paying
their charge in copper coins. It took so many guards so long to count
them, that the gate was blocked for forty minutes. And yet, everyone
seemed to find it hilarious.

China's newly built and vastly improved motorway system doesn't come for
free. Which is why numerous and frequent toll gates have sprung up in
the past five years. Seventy per cent of the world's 140,000km of tolled
roads are found in China. Driving along the Jinshen Expressway (which
travels 635km northwest from Beijing to Shenyang), you could find
yourself pulling up every 15km to hand over some coins. Exasperated with
the constant stops, drivers have found innovative ways to protest.

One pair of bloggers from Jiangsu thought it funny to create tailing queues by occupying the toll guards in paying a 10 Yuan charge (around €1) with plastic bags full of
around 1000 one and two cents coins (worth 0.1 - 0.2 euro cents). They
thought the idea so very funny in fact, that they posted photos of the
game, carried out in a toll gate in Sheyang, north of Shanghai, online.

Eyeing up the bags on the way. Each coin is worth 0.1 or 0.2 euro cents.

Handing over a bag at the toll gate.

The electronic counter.

The queue.

Giving up on electronic counter.

The guards seemed to find the whole thing rather funny, surprisingly.

The receipt - "it worked!"

Stashes of coins saved up for future trips to the toll station - the
story doesn't end here...
  unique_identifier
Ill. man pays part of settlement with $150K in quarters

    Court ordered him to share $500K from insurance payout with
    survivors of car crash that killed his son.

Workers Wednesday unloaded 150 bags of quarters from an armored truck to
another truck in Marion, Ill. The coins, weighing 4 tons, were delivered
to two local law firms as a protest by Roger Herrin, of Harrisburg,
Ill., against a court ruling in an insurance settlement for a crash that
killed his son in 2001.

Ordered by an Illinois appeals court to share $500,000 from insurance
with passengers who survived a car crash that killed his teenage son, an
angry businessman complied by paying about one quarter of the settlement
in quarters — 600,000 of them.

The $150,000 payback in change Wednesday was a "protest against the
ruling," Roger Herrin, a retired foot surgeon, nursing home owner,
told /The//Wall Street Journal/.

The 4-ton, 150-bag payback was first reported by /The Southern/ newspaper.

"It's vehemently wrong in my view and nearly everybody else in the
world," Herrin, of Harrisburg, Ill., told the paper. "If and when
someone loses a child, it leaves a hole in your heart that is never
repairable."

His 15-year-old-son, Michael, died in June 2001 when a farm truck ran a
stop sign in southern Illinois and broadsided the Jeep Cherokee he was
in. The crash injured two friends and the driver, the mother of one friend.

The boy's family received $1.65 million in a settlement of a
wrongful-death lawsuit with two insurance companies representing the
truck driver. In addition, a trial court awarded the Herrins $500,000 of
an $800,000 pool for underinsured motorists for all passengers.

But in January 2012, the state 5th District Appellate Court ruled
that the Saline County trial court had erred in awarding the Herrins the
additional money and ordered that it be redistributed to the injured
passengers. Wednesday was the deadline for Herrin to comply.

An armored truck drove the quarters from the Federal Reserve Bank of St.
Louis to a bank in Marion, Ill. There, under the direction of the
76-year-old Herrin, workers transferred the change to flatbed trucks,
the /Journal/ said.

The trucks then took the money to two unsuspecting law firms
representing the injured passengers, where the bags were dropped in
their lobbies.

Herrin said that the lawyers were "not happy" and that he "wasn't real
congenial."

One attorney, Mark Prince, told the /Journal/, "If he wants to pay in
quarters, that's his business."

  unique_identifier
Ill. Man Repays Settlement with 4 Tons of Quarters

An Illinois man, frustrated by a court ruling that ordered him to return
more than $500,000 he received following a car crash that killed his
teenage son, sent the money back in quarters, totaling more than four
tons in change.

Roger Herrin wanted to pay the money back in pennies, in protest of
decision he thought was unfair, but when that proved impossible he
settled for quarters, packaged in 50 pound sacks.

ap insurance quarters payment kb 130802 16x9 608 Ill. Man Repays
Settlement with 4 Tons of Quarters

On Wednesday, an armored truck delivered $150,000 in change from the
Federal Reserve in St. Louis, Mo., to two law firms representing three
other victims who were also injured in the 2001 wreck.

Calling it “an obvious protest,” Herrin told ABC affiliate WSIL, “They
can have all the money in the world and I’d take my son back.”

Michael Herrin, 15, was killed in 2001 when a truck ran a stop sign and
broadsided the Jeep Cherokee in which the teen and his friends were riding.

ap insurance payment quarters kb 130802 16x9 608 Ill. Man Repays
Settlement with 4 Tons of Quarters

Roger Herrin received $1.6 million in compensation through his own
insurance, plus an additional $800,000 paid out through other insurance.

Since Michael was the only one killed in the crash his estate received
the bulk of the cash. The three injured survivors appealed and recently
won, leading Herrin to begrudgingly return the money.

Citing confidentiality agreements, Mark Prince, an attorney for the
Jeep’s driver and her son, who was also a passenger, would not discuss
the case but called the delivery of coins “counterproductive.”

ap insurance quarters harrin kb 130802 16x9 608 Ill. Man Repays
Settlement with 4 Tons of Quarters

“We’ve been on pins and needles because we had a lot of cash suddenly
laying around, it was publicized,” Prince told the Associated Press. “We
don’t have safes or vaults, and we lock our front door. Advance notice
would have been nice, because we could have made arrangements to have it
delivered to the bank.”

   unique_identifier
Illinois businessman pays insurance settlement in quarters

A prominent Illinois businessman who disagreed with the
outcome of an insurance payout after the death of his son paid a portion
of the final legal settlement in thousands of pounds of quarters, an
attorney involved in the case said on Thursday.

Attorney Douglas Dorris confirmed that Roger Herrin arrived at his law
firm on Wednesday with 75 bags, each containing 4,000 quarters, weighing
48 pounds each, for a total of $75,000, as part of the settlement
payment. The firm had to hire a Brinks truck to haul away the bags of
coins and count them.

Herrin, 76, a retired podiatrist whose company owns three nursing homes,
is a member of the Southern Illinois University board of trustees and
has served on other state government boards, including the Illinois
Finance Authority.

In June of 2001, Roger Herrin’s teenage son, Michael, was a passenger in
a Jeep Cherokee when it was struck by a truck running a stop sign,
according to court records.

Michael Herrin was thrown out of the Jeep and killed, and two other
teens, Jared Head and Ross Duncan, were injured. The driver, Duncan’s
mother, was also injured.

Michael Herrin’s estate had $5.5 million in various forms of insurance
coverage, according to court records. Roger Herrin accepted on behalf of
his son’s estate a settlement offer of $1.65 million.

The insurance policy for the Jeep’s owner provided another $800,000 in
coverage for all the accident victims, and the truck’s insurance
provided $100,000 more.

Roger Herrin, as administrator of his son’s estate, claimed he was due
the lion’s share of those funds, too, and a judge agreed, awarding an
additional payout of $677,851 to Herrin.

But an appellate court found that under Illinois law, Herrin’s estate
was not entitled to money from the Jeep owner’s insurance because it had
received a much larger payout already. The survivors from the Jeep
accident had over $900,000 in claims, according to court records.

Ultimately, a settlement was reached by which Herrin had to pay back
money to the other accident victims.

Herrin was not immediately available for comment. However, he told the
Southern Illinoisan newspaper that the settlement payment in the case
was “vehemently wrong” and that losing a child “leaves a hole in your
heart that is never repairable.”

The newspaper reported the amount Herrin had to return came to roughly
$500,000, though the total sum could not be independently confirmed by
Reuters.

Dorris, the attorney for Head, said he believed the decisions followed
the law, although Herrin “obviously is very upset with the opinions and
rulings of the appellate court.

“On the other hand, I have no desire to criticize a man who has lost a
son,“ Dorris said. “I can understand him being very upset.“ An attorney
for the other survivors was not immediately available for comment.
  unique_identifier
Illinois man repays wrongful death insurance money with 4 tons of coins

A southern Illinois man paid off a portion of a
court-ordered legal settlement with nearly four tons of quarters packed
into dozens of bags.

Harrisburg resident Roger Herrin was ordered to repay $500,000 in
insurance money related to the 2001 death of his teenage son, who died
in a car accident.

Herrin packed a third of the money -- $150,000 -- into 50-pound bags of
quarters. They were unloaded from an armored truck and delivered to a
Marion law firm on Wednesday.

The businessman says he's upset that an appellate court ordered him to
repay the money from a wrongful death suit. He says he decided to fork
over the quarters in protest.

He tells WSIL-TV that he chose the coins because: "I couldn't do it in
pennies."
  unique_identifier
Indiana Man Buys Pickup Truck With Spare Change

By consumeristcarey December 26, 2007

Paul Brant of Indiana bought a 2008 Dodge Ram with quarters and gold
dollars worth $26,670. The septuagenarian spent thirteen years collecting enough loose change to buy the new pickup, which will replace the Dodge he purchased in 1994
with 144,000 quarters. Brant’s revolutionary method for collecting spare
change, after the jump.

    Being thrifty, Brant said, comes naturally.

    “I reckon I was just brought up that way,” he said.

    His father always paid cash, he said, and it’s a tradition he
    carried on.

    Besides, he added, “Checks are no fun.”

    He makes it a habit to save his loose change, he said, explaining
    that he cleans out his pockets every morning, and doesn’t hesitate
    to pick up stray coins from the ground wherever he goes.

    “Once you drop them out of your hand, they’re gone,” he said. “They
    don’t last very long.”

The dealership can’t convince any bank to accept the water jugs, coffee
cans, and piggy banks that hold Brant’s spare change, so they hired an
armored car to haul and count the coins.
  unique_identifier
Insurance Agency Allegedly Delivers Elderly Man's Settlement In
  Buckets Of Loose Change

When an insurance agency finally agreed earlier this year to settle a
lawsuit with an elderly California man, he probably expected that his
payout would come in the form of a check, or perhaps even in an envelope
of cash. Instead, Andres Carrasco, 76, says Adriana's Insurance Services
chose to pay him in thousands and thousands of coins.

Carrasco's attorney, Antonio Gallo, says that the California-based
company recently dropped off several buckets of loose change at his
office, per local news outlet KNBC-TV. It's estimated that the coins
value more than $20,000.

“There’s over 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies,"
Gallo told CBS Los Angeles. "It’s going to take us at least,
conservatively, one week to count that whole amount of money."

One of the buckets was reportedly full of just pennies.

andres carrasco

/Andres Carrasco with the buckets of change he won as a partial
settlement in a 2012 lawsuit against Adriana's Insurance Services./

Carrasco filed a lawsuit against Adriana's Insurance Services in 2012
after he was allegedly assaulted by one of the company's employees, CBS
LA reports.

Adriana's Insurance agreed to a settlement in June and, according to The
Associated Press, gave Carrasco a partial payment in the form of a check
last week. The remainder of the money, however, was allegedly delivered
as buckets of coins.

"It's insulting to my client," Carrasco's attorney said, per the AP.
"He's 76 years old, he just had a hernia operation. Come on. He feels
that he wasn't treated as a human being."

Neither the insurance agency nor its attorney responded to requests for
comment.

"I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly,” Carrasco said in the statement, per KNBC. "We might be poor,
but we are people too."


  unique_identifier
Insurance broker pays out $21K settlement to 73-year-old in buckets
    of small change
Andres Carrasco and his "settlement."
What a bunch of a-holes.

    Andres Carrasco filed a lawsuit in 2012 against Adriana’s Insurance
    Service, Inc. alleging he was physically assaulted by one of the
    company's employees.

    After agreeing to a settlement with Andres Carrasco in June,
    Adriana’s Insurance decided to deliver the funds in the form of a
    check -- and buckets and buckets of quarters, dimes, nickels and
    pennies.

The guy is a senior citizen and recently had a hernia operation and is
unable to lift the buckets. Apparently eight Adriana's Insurance Service
employees arrived at Carrasco's lawyers office and just started dropping
off buckets of loose change that amounted to around $21,000.

    "I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and
    the elderly,” Carrasco said in the statement. "We might be poor, but
    we are people too."

Unsurprisingly, when contacted by the press, Adriana's Insurance Service
was unavailable for comment.

Not really sure that they could say anything to defend such a cruel and
childish action anyway.
  unique_identifier
Company Pays Settlement in Buckets of Loose Change

An unexpected delivery of loose change has a 73-year-old man in
California giving his own two cents.

Andres Carrasco filed a lawsuit in 2012 against Adriana’s Insurance
Service, Inc. alleging he was physically assaulted by one of the
company's employees.

After agreeing to a settlement with Andres Carrasco in June, Adriana’s
Insurance decided to deliver the funds in the form of a check -- and
buckets and buckets of quarters, dimes, nickels and pennies.

The coins amount to more than $21,000, said Carrasco’s attorney Antonio
Gallo.

"Adriana's Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone?" Carrasco said
in a statement. "Why don't you like your clients?"

When the time to pony up for the settlement came, Carrasco’s attorney
said eight of Adriana's Insurance employees arrived in a van with
five-gallon containers full of coins in hand.

The employees then went to Carrasco’s attorney’s office, dropped them
off in waiting room and left.

Carrasco had just had a hernia operation and wouldn’t be able to lift
one of buckets, let alone the scores left by the company, Gallo said.

"I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly,” Carrasco said in the statement. "We might be poor, but we are
people too."

Officials with the insurance company did not respond to requests for
comment.
  unique_identifier
Insurance company pays $21,000 settlement with buckets of loose change

Andres Carrasco, 76, received thousands of quarters, nickels and
dimes as payment from Adriana's Insurance Services in California

An insurance company begrudgingly paid a $21,000 (£12,000) court
settlement by dropping it off in buckets full of loose change.

Adriana's Insurance Services, based in Rancho Cucamonga, California,
settled a dispute with Andres Carrasco in June.

The 76-year-old Los Angeles claims an Adriana employee assaulted him
during an argument over why the company had cancelled his car insurance.

He was expecting a cheque in the post, but instead received thousands of
quarters, nickels and dimes.

The buckets were dropped off at his lawyer Antonio Gallo’s office this
week, a day after Mr Gallo had refused to accept the delivery.

"There's maybe 17 buckets of coins," the attorney explained.

"They probably (each) weigh anywhere between 70 to 100 pounds. I'm
assuming, because I can't lift them.

“It's insulting to my client. He's 76 years old; he just had a hernia
operation,” he added. "He feels that he wasn't treated as a human being."

Mr Carrasco said he was “disappointed” about the way he has been treated.

His lawyer has asked the insurance company to remove the coins and issue
a cheque for the full settlement amount.

Adriana's Insurance Services has not responded to requests for comment.
  unique_identifier
Insurance company pays $21k in coins to elderly man with a hernia

A small insurance company in California has a thing or two to learn
about customer service. Adriana’s Insurance Service settled a lawsuit
over an employee assaulting an elderly man… and delivered his
compensation in buckets full of coins.

Andres Carrasco filed a lawsuit against the company in 2012, claiming he
was physically assaulted by an Adriana’s Insurance Service employee. The
business agreed to settle in June. When it came time for Adriana’s to
pay up the $21,000 they owed him, however, they didn’t just cut a check.
Employees ‒ eight of them ‒ arrived at Carrasco’s lawyer’s office in a
van, and proceeded to deliver five-gallon bucket after five-gallon
bucket filled with change before leaving.

/“There’s over 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies. It’s
going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that whole
amount of money,”/ attorney Antonio Gallo told KCBS.

Carrasco, who is 73, just had a hernia operation, and is unable to lift
any of the buckets, Gallo said to KNBC. /“It’s too heavy,”/ the
recipient said to KCBS.

/"I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly,”/ Carrasco said in a statement. /"We might be poor, but we are
people too."/

If online reviews are any indication, the company is not known for its
customer service.

Jeff B. gave Adriana’s its highest Yelp rating of two stars back in 2012. /“When we've dealt with customer service in person or on the phone, feels like the DMV. And you know how
that goes,”/ he wrote in his review.

On Reddit, user mikelaza wrote, /“I worked for Adriana's Insurance and can confirm
they care very little for their clients.”/

Another, stevezorz, said he is a former client. He explained his
experiences with the company:

    Adriana's is a budget insurance company local to Los Angeles and
    surrounding counties. I had them for a while, because they were
    cheap as hell. But, as the saying goes, you get what you pay for.

    Customer service sucks, it was next to impossible to get reimbursed
    for roadside assistance included on your plan, and even talking to
    their reps in person was nightmare. My mom tried to cancel her
    insurance with them, and they gave her the whole merry-go-round
    phone service treatment, transferring her, dropping her calls and
    doing everything they could to avoid canceling. So, we just stopped
    paying. That got their attention, and they cancelled our policy with
    them promptly. In short, it's run by bunch of scumbag assholes who
    didn't give a shit about you, as long as you're paying them on time.

The Better Business Bureau ranks the company a C-. Adriana’s failed to
respond to six complaints against it, and has a total of 11 closed
complaints ‒ the majority for problems with the product or service.

/“Adriana’s Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone?”/ Carrasco
said in the statement. /“Why don’t you like your clients?”/

The company has not responded to requests from a variety of media
outlets about their payment delivery.

  unique_identifier
Insurance company pays $21K settlement in loose change

A California man received a $21,000 insurance settlement this
week in buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies.

According to CBS Los Angeles, Andres Carrasco filed a lawsuit in 2012, claiming an employee at Adriana’s Insurance Service, Inc. physically assaulted him.

After agreeing to a settlement with the senior citizen in June, the
insurance company reportedly sent Carrasco a cheque of an undisclosed
amount of money but also delivered 16 buckets of loose change to the
office of the man’s lawyer.

“It’s going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that
whole amount of money,” Antonio Gallo told CBS.

According to NBC, Carrasco recently had a hernia operation and Gallo said his client can’t
lift a single bucket of coins.

“Adriana’s Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone?” Carrasco said
in a statement. “Why don’t you like your clients?”

The insurance company has declined requests for comment.
  unique_identifier
Insurance Company Pays Elderly Man With $21,000 in Coins

Andres Carrasco, 73, from California, filed a lawsuit against Adriana’s
Insurance Service back in 2012, alleging he was physically assaulted by
an employee from the company. In June the company agreed to a settlement
but showed up to Carrasco’s attorney’s office to deliver the money in
the most unorthodox way. Buckets, filled with dimes, nickles, quarters
and pennies.

Since the story, Adriana’s Insurance’s Yelp page has been
slammed with negative reviews and people leaving their own 2 cents!
  unique_identifier
